1) What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

A hidden .git file is created, which now allows the user to utilize git version control in this directory
This is required for git version control

2) How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is where you can decide which files/items to commit and which not to commit
From this, it differs from the working directory because this is where you are currently are within git
From this, it differs from the repository because the repository is just a collection of commits

3) How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

I can use the staging area to make sure that I only include files or changes that fit one logical change by ensuring
that the files which I'm about to commit do indeed fit in a one logical change category, prior to making the commit.

4) What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

- When you want to fix a bug
- When you want to add a new feature

Branches would be helpful to do so because you don't impact the master branch (likely the production code) or others who want to work off the master branch.
This allows for multiple users working simultaneously on multiple features off of the same branch.  While allowing the master branch to continue
unchanged.  "Context switching" -Mike Wales

5) How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

They help me see the relationship between branches as a timeline, as well as help me better understand branch behavior

6) What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

Merging two branches together unions the code into one of the branches, typically the master.
Representing this in a diagram is useful for showing the relationship to the parent commit, timeline, and unreachable commits.

7) What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Automatic merging can make life much easier, but could turn into illogical merges over time
Manual merging is more tedious and takes more time, but ensures logical merges each time (at least to the person reviewing the merge)
